2021-03-03: lang team march update (#791)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/inside-rust/2021-03-03-lang-team-mar-update.md

    * simulacrum is going to recap the scenario for next triage meeting
    * we are considering whether it makes sense to leverage 2021 Edition in any way
* const generics:
    * min const generics will be stable in 1.51 
    * we are looking at various small extensions
    * there is now a weekly meeting to look into improvements
* declarative macro repitition counts:
    * there is an [open RFC](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/3086) with proposed FCP
* instruction set attribute:
    * exploration continues, the interaction of instruction set attribute with inline is not great, but it's not clear how to improve
* revised try trait:
    * generally positive vibes about the [RFC 3058](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/3058/)
    * one question is whether to consider leveraging edition to tweak the desugaring and bypass some of the "accidental stabilization"
        * currently evaluating how many projects rely on this behavior; most of them don't want to
* ffi-unwind:
    * C-unwind implementation has almost landed
    * exploring impact of longjmp on optimization

## Upcoming design meetings

> We planned three design meetings for March. Our meetings are typically open for anyone to observe, although we have one closed meeting this week. They are also typically recorded and posted to YouTube. Ping nikomatsakis or joshtriplett for info about attending.

Reviewer: closed meeting? lang team reorg? (nit: this week -> this cycle)

Author: that is some old text, let me edit it out

* March 10 -- no meeting, pnkfelix is absent
* March 17 -- RFC backlog bonanza recap ([lang-team#84](https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/84))
* March 24 -- lang team reorg: shepherds 4.0, triage update ([lang-team#85](https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/85))

> * March 24 -- How to dismantle an `&Atomic` bomb ([lang-team#82](https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/82))

Reviewer 2: I want to say this is an amazing pun :laughing:

Author: credit to @pnkfelix

## Design meeting expectations

> We also settled some our expectations are preparation for design meetings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also settled some our expectations around preparation for design meetings:
```

* The document for the meeting must be prepared by the triage meeting on Tuesday.
    * If it is not sent out by then, the meeting will be canceled. This gives folks 24 hour notice.
* There is no expectation that people will read the document before the meeting. The meeting will begin with a recap of the document.

>     * However, there is no rule **against** reading the document before hand and provided feedback or advice on how to improve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * However, there is no rule **against** reading the document beforehand and provided feedback or advice on how to improve it.
```
